
The new undergraduate degree will look to target a growing interest in quantitative finance, data science and machine learning. Photo courtesy of Georgia Tech
In light of changes to current diversity, equity and inclusion policies, Atlanta's Hartsfield Jackson Airport will lose out on over $37.5 million in federal funding. Photo courtesy of Nate Hovee/Adobe.
GT SGA hosts their annual Registered Student Organization Debate featuring: Youth Democratic Socialists of America, College Democrats, College Republicans and Young Americans for Liberty. Photo by Prakash Gupta, Student Publications
New Georgia Tech Space Research Institute hosts its inaugural meeting consisting of over 130 researchers. Photo courtesy of Yanet Chernet
Radu Casapu is named the 2025 GeoGuessr World Champion. Photo courtesy of Georgia Tech
President Cabrera joins the aerospace faculty in the official ribbon-cutting for its Aircraft Prototyping Laboratory. Photo by Elijah Andrews, Student Publications
The search to replace former Provost Steve McLaughlin is done, and a new Provost has been selected. Photo courtesy of Georgia Tech
U.S. News' annual rankings unveil Tech at No. 32 in the nation. Photo courtesy of Georgia Tech
The new Atlanta City Council ordinance will limit new short-term rental properties in Home Park. Photo courtesy of Warren Lemay











Students dressed as characters from "The Wizard of Oz" scream out the window of their car. The fraternities pushed the limits of imagination, with one group building a full house structure around a truck featuring characters from “The Wizard of Oz” and Emerald City. | Tyler Parker, Student Publications
Students at last year's Homecoming Carnival compete in a three-legged race. The carnival has various games for students to enjoy and compete for Homecoming points. | @gtscpc on Instagram
A team attempts to change its wheel at a chaotic Mini 500. Pit crews were required change their wheels after every two laps of Peters Parking Garage. | Catey Thurston, Student Publications
A group of runners sprints from the starting line at the Freshman Cake race. The most dedicated — and loudest runners — woke up at least an hour before the race started to get a spot at the front of the corral. | Tyler Parker, Student Publications
The five Ramblin' Royalty finalist pose in front of Tech Tower. Voting for the two honorees ends at noon on Oct. 24. | Georgia Tech
 | 
Three art pieces hang on the wall at the Robert C. Williams Museum of Papermaking's rotating exhibit, Legacies in Paper. | Prakash Gupta, Student Publications
Flyana Boss brought an infectious energy to McCamish, engaging the audience with their signature sound and stage presence. The dynamic duo, Bobbie LaNea Tyler and Folayan Omi Kunerede gained their fame after going viral on TikTok with their hit “You Wish.”
On Oct 10, IFC hosted a chili competition bringing together over a dozen fraternities to participate in a group philanthropy event with a fun spirit.
North Georgia is ripe with opportunities to get away from the busy life of a Jacket and unwind for a bit. | Courtesy of Georgia State Parks and Historic Sites
Since 2007, Miracle @ GT has been one of hundreds of associated chapters that support Children’s Miracle Network (CMN) Hospitals across the U.S. and Canada.
Morgan Harvey, third-year CE, pummels through Bulldogs defense, aiming for another try. She would score two of eight tries against the Bulldogs in a shutout, 54-0. Photo by Kingston Barber, Student Publications.
As PTS looked to redesign and improve the campus bus network, many students felt the changes made it hard to get to class
Big Thief’s frontwoman Adrianne Lenker (right) and touring bassist Joshua Crumbly (left) performing at the Fox Theatre. Photo by Caitlyn Chapman, Student Publications.
Quadeca performing in Hell at the Masquerade last Friday. Photo by Caitlyn Chapman, Student Publications.
“Chainsaw Man: The Movie – Reze Arc,” features Denji, Reze and the Devil Hunters at the center of Tatsuki Fujimoto’s acclaimed saga. Photo courtesy of MAPPA.
“I Was Born This Way,” directed by Daniel Junge and Sam Pollard, was one of the films featured at Out on Film, and it tells the story of Archbishop Carl Bean, who was an advocate for LGBTQ+ people of color during the AIDS crisis. Photo courtesy of “I Was Born This Way.”
Jeremy Allen White stars as Bruce Springsteen in the new musical biopic “Springsteen: Deliver Me From Nowhere.” Photo courtesy of Macall Polay, 20th Century Studios.
Mckenna Grace (left) and Mason Thames (right) star as Clara and Miller in “Regretting You.” Photo courtesy of Paramount Pictures.
Lorde performing at the release show of her fourth studio album “Virgin.” Photo courtesy of Yui Mok/PA.
Glen Powell stars as Russ Holliday/Chad Powers in the new Hulu/Disney+ comedy series. Photo courtesy of Daniel Delgado, Disney.

Taylor Swift assumes her showgirl persona in her newest album “The Life of a Showgirl.” Photo courtesy of Tas Rights Management.
Jazz band Creosoteclone plays outside of Burle’s Bar on the Beltline. Photo courtesy of Burle’s Bar.
The Decatur Book Festival happens annually, bringing authors, readers, publishers and local businesses together to celebrate literature. Photo by Prakash Gupta, Student Publications.
Disney’s “Tron: Ares” features bold red lighting and high-stakes action scenes. Photo courtesy of Disney.
Sextile’s Brady Keehn performing in Hell at the Masquerade. Photo by Caitlyn Chapman, Student Publications.


The Falcons will hope their offense full of high-potential players like Kyle Pitts (center right) will click this season.
Philidelphia Phillies outfielder Kyle Schwarber hits the winning home-run of the 2025 MLB All Star Game in Atlanta, July 15, 2025.
The Atlanta Dream signed free-agent forward Brionna Jones in an effort to revamp the team for the 2025 season. 



Despite the opening night loss, the Hawks will hope that their young core combined with new additions like Nickeil Alexander-Walker (left) can guide them to the playoffs.
Falcons running back Bijan Robinson's scintillating 238 all-purpose yard performance powered Atlanta to victory against Buffalo. 
Despite the loss to UNC, the Jackets continued to show their potential as a young, growing team under head coach Michelle Collier.
The Jackets overcame Virginia Tech by winning at the line of scrimmage, rushing for 268 yards in the 35-20 win.
Tech's offense exploded into life in the second half, leading the Jackets to a massive away win in conference play. 
Bills rookie tight-end Jackson Hawes is one of several former Jackets currently thriving in the NFL. 
The Jackets offense was able to get in rhythm after halftime, powering Tech to an improbable comeback. 
The Jackets bounced back from a loss against Miami to sweep Florida State as they continue ACC play.